---
tags: [SessionJournals]
---
## Synopsis

Hot off the tail end of an encounter with a space kraken that wiped out the vast majority of the other hunters aboard a now heavily-damaged spelljammer, the party docks at the converted asteroid that acts as the base for **Pistos' Pistols**. Led by **Kinney**, the vedalken bounty hunter who had gathered them, they are introduced to a vedalken woman covered in tattoos - **Pistos** herself, who asks about the damaged vessel. Kinney informs her of the space kraken attack, to which Pistos appears both flabbergasted and irate; the job that she had in mind was intended for several dozen hunters. With over 40 killed in the attack, only 8 remain: **Ari'ka**, **Gallow Heartforge**, **Maximon**, **Krug**, **13**, **Melodius Stardrifter**, **Ladion**, and **Amethyst**.

After the party insists on continuing with the job regardless, Pistos relents, but not without requiring them to prove themselves capable. She loans them a flying fish-model spelljammer (not without risk of further debt if any damage is incurred) and directs them toward the *Astral Bounty Claims Department* with details of a job: Locate and retrieve **Brenshaw Lawheim**, a prisoner who had escaped from the astral prison of *Stardeep*. She also informs the party that the prisoner had apparently escaped to the "Shodafill" - Kinney later clarifies that the actual location is the *Shadowfell* of Sphere 493, though Pistos apparently has difficulties reading. 

Melodius volunteers to be the crew's first helmsman and the party sails their newly-granted vessel out to the ABCD - another converted asteroid-turned-space station - where they register for the bounty. After some argument with **Annie**, the elderly thri-keen woman working the reception desk, they are given a lantern lit with the Light of Life to ensure their safety in the Shadowfell. Melodius, who had trailed behind the others in order to unattune from the ship's helm, manages to convince Annie to give them a second lantern.

Annie also informs the party of a set of weekly bounties that had yet to be claimed: A pair of dead or alive orders on either the **Pirate Captain, Yeshk** and his crew, or on the cowardly but well-armed **Beholder, Beels**. The party choose to register Yeshk's bounty and set out to find Brenshaw, though not without some debate over whether to take Yeshk or Brenshaw first.

During the journey, the party have an encounter with a braxat while attempting to navigate through an asteroid field. Though the braxat nearly drags Amethyst with it into the Astral Sea, the party are able to deal with the braxat and move forward surprisingly unharmed and arrive at Sphere 493. They quickly find the entrance to this sphere's Shadowfell, where they find darkness. They also see giants in the distance who pay the party no mind until Krug steps outside of the lantern's light and draws their attention. At the same time, Krug is overcome with a deep despair and must be pulled back into the light by 13, who sees a single tear roll down Krug's cheek.

The party wander the Shadowfell and eventually come across a lit cave, inside of which they find a single weeping figure clutching a doll and mourning a name that it cannot remember. The figure, matching the descriptions of one Brenshaw Lawheim, is standing inside of a crypt filled with the tombs and epitaphs of what the party soon realizes is the Lawheim family. Using information they discover, the party returns Brenshaw his knowledge of his family, though with each recollection, the crypt reacts violently and the Shadowfell's darkness encroaches further and further upon the party.

Finally, they remind Brenshaw of his daughter, Sefina, causing the darkness to almost completely envelop the party before receding. When the light returns, the party is encircled by a trio of displacer beasts, each one ready to strike.