---
tags:
  - SessionJournals
---

## Synopsis

As the party departs from the Shadowfell, Brenshaw seems to regain some level of cognizance as he shares a moment with Krug, bonding over the losses they've each experienced. Ari'ka, meanwhile, doesn't trust Brenshaw and keeps an eye on him as the crew decides to take Brenshaw with them as they try to claim the bounty placed on Captain Yeshk, thinking that if nothing else, it would be helpful to have a powerful spellcaster at the party's back should the bounty collection go sideways.

On the way to Yeshk's location, 13 has a dream where he's paralyzed with despair and pain, collapsed on the ground in a pool of shadow. He tries to call out for help but goes unheard and wakes up before anyone notices him. At the same time, Ari'ka finds Brenshaw carrying Gallow's body into a room below deck and shutting the door behind him. A light shines through the door and when she breaks through the door, she finds Brenshaw kneeling over the body and smiling with the doll of Sefina in hand. He addresses Ari'ka, commenting on an obsession of hers, one that he once saw in himself. The confrontation wakes both Máximon and Krug, who immediately come running as Brenshaw lectures Ari'ka about controlling her obsession, lest it control her. When Máximon and Krug enter the room, Ari'ka detects necromantic energy coming from Gallow, Brenshaw, and the doll, but Krug refuses to let Ari'ka investigate the body further. Soon the rest of the crew convene, and Amethyst attempts to defuse the tension by offering Krug a token of remembrance, a small wooden carving of Gallow's weapon. Ari'ka follows suit and offers the ornate dagger she'd found within the crypts. This seemingly calms Krug somewhat.

Ari'ka informs Brenshaw that the party is likely going to be engaged in combat soon, and Krug asks Brenshaw for his help. Brenshaw says only that he'll guard Gallow with what life he has left, and the party soon comes across Yeshk's ship, the Night Spider. Melodius soon comes into contact with the helmsman of Yeshk's ship, an awkward and seemingly adolescent hadozee, who puts him into contact with Yeshk himself. Yeshk asks for the ship's captain, a role that fell to Amethyst, and the two briefly speak before Yeshk turns his ships guns on the party. After a brief skirmish, the party manage to kidnap both Yeshk and the helmsman, effectively disabling the Night Spider, but not without also being boarded by an umberhulk and a handful of pirates. At the same time, Melodius detects some sort of rumbling coming from the starboard side of the ship.