---
tags:
  - SessionJournals
---

## Synopsis

Pistos explains that while the task at hand is to hunt a tarrasque, the tarrasque itself hasn't actually awoken yet, and attempts to further entice the party by mentioning that the gold reward is easily over 20 thousand in total. She also informs the party that they will have time to restock, rearm, and otherwise prepare for the hunt while they wait for further details to be posted to the ABCD. Despite the originally intended crew of 50 hunters, Pistos expresses her confidence that the party will be able to handle things. As the party departs with this information and reassurance, Kinney lets Krug know that arrangements have been made for Gallow's body, as well as giving Krug an enchanted weapon that was on Gallow's person. The weapon immediately reforms into a battleaxe that attracts Krug's complete focus. The rest of the party, meanwhile, split up to prepare in their own separate ways. Ari'ka, 13, and Ladion set out in search of a magical item store, Melodius makes his way to the nearest bar, and Amethyst searches for a shipwright.

Ari'ka, 13, and Ladion are able to find a shop called *E.S.E. Magic*, run by a human man by the name of **Héctor** with the assistance of his kobold companion, **Carlos**. Despite Héctor very clearly overcharging for his wares, Ari'ka and 13 are able to talk him down to more reasonable prices - though Ladion, in search of designer equipment, does fall prey to his more predatory pricing. 

Elsewhere, Melodius wanders into the *ABCDT*, one of the bars on the ABCD base. There, he ends up forcibly taking the stage from the bugbear woman currently performing. The two end up partaking in something between a duet and a musical battle, during which Melodius feels some unknown presence leave him for a short time. He's eventually able to win the battle, thereby winning over the crowd an inciting a riotous party.

Krug, engrossed by the battleaxe that once belonged to Gallow, is deep in thought, attempting to read words engraved onto the weapon in a language (or several) that he can't read. He recognizes one word - "hypocrite" - but the rest remain unknown to him. As he studies the weapon, he feels several things: sorrow, guilt, and sadness, as well as a familiar and comforting presence that seems to emanate from the doll of Sefina that was given to him by Brenshaw.

Amethyst eventually is able to find a shipwright near the docks: an older dwarven man by the name of **Hobby** who has a somewhat uncomfortable obsession with wood and woodworking, who shows off a wooden statue that he'd carved and refers to it as his friend. He takes an interest in Amethyst's prosthetic arm and, in addition to some advice on how to act as a captain of a ship, offers to attempt to work on her arm and integrate a weapon into it. Amethyst agrees, leaving behind a spare prosthetic for him to work on.

When the party eventually reconvenes, it becomes immediately obvious that Melodius is acting strange, nearly oblivious to his surroundings. Beyond that, he appears to have random items floating inside of him. The party pulls some of the items out of Melodius, including various wallets, shoes, and IDs belonging to other bounty hunters, including Pistachio, the hunter who had ambushed them during the battle with Yeshk. Additionally, Ari'ka manages to detect that Melodius is practically dripping with traces of divine magic. Melodius returns to the ship, where he expels the various items he'd gathered during his outing, which apparently included an entire kobold. The rest of the party begins to question him, and he claims to have no memory of what happened, and that he does occasionally experience moments of blackouts and amnesia.

During the questioning, a mob comprised of patrons of the ABCDT appear in search of Melodius, and the party is forced to make a quick departure. They decide to head in the direction of the beholder bounty they had previously passed over, reasoning that by the time they return, Annie would have more details on the tarrasque job. 

While out on the Sea, the party is met by a pair of deva sent by a deity known as **The Composer**, a god of music with considerable influence, who specifically are there in search of Melodius. They inform him that the Composer has a task for him and part ways. This prompts the party to start asking him more questions, and eventually ask questions of each other. Overnight, Melodius has a dream of the Composer, who instructs him to tell Pistos that he would be happy to meet with her. 13, similarly, has a dream, a repeat of the darkness and despair he dreamt of before. When he awakes, he awakes with vague memories of departing from a ship, as well as a single thought: Run.

Soon after, the party comes across the beholder's ship, as well as the ship of another bounty crew. Both ships are damaged heavily, and the beholder ship crashes to the surface of the planet below while the bounty hunter chip is left adrift in the Astral Sea.
