---
tags:
  - SessionJournals
---

## Synopsis

Stripped, searched, and shoved in a cell, the crew are forced to pass time in the ABCD Jail as they await judgement from **The Lady**, the figure who presides over the Astral Bounty Claims Department. Ari'ka, in particular, tries to resist her imprisonment; in the process, it's revealed that what had previously appeared to he a cloak that she wore was actually a pair of draconic wings. Máximon, on the other hand, is taken away by the giff that serves as the captain of the guard. 

Outside, the mob search for all of the members of the crew, eventually gathering up Krug, who willingly goes with the crowd, and Ladion, who had befriended Colleen and received a sponsorship offer Héctor before being taken by the mob. Once the crew is reunited in jail, they discuss the possibility of escape while the lone inmate in the cell beside them laughs at their discussion. Krug also notices Máximon's absence, and 13 helps him remember that Pistos had warned him about someone she only referred to as The Traitor. Ari'ka and Ladion both seem to recognize this title but say nothing of it. 

Ladion manages to seduce the guard in charge of the party and talks him into bringing her a dessert on his lunch break. Afterward, Pistachio and his crew enter the cell block and taunt the party for being jailed, as well as showing off that he had stolen Beels's eye stalks from their impounded equipment. When he leaves, an aggravated Melodius begins throwing himself against the jail cell's laser gate, unable to handle the torture of being forced to hold a single physical form. The seduced guard takes pity on Melodius and relieves him of his cuffs, who takes his very first available opportunity to sneak into the adjacent cell and meet with their new friend: an elven woman by the name of **Morana** who occasionally would speak aloud to seemingly no one. She reveals that she's something of a regular to the prison, often being sent on jobs as a possibility of release but ending up back in jail when they eventually "go wrong."

Meanwhile, Ladion takes the spoon from the dessert the guard had brought her and uses it to create an opening in the lasers large enough for Melodius to slip through to a space where he is able to open all of the doors in the cell block, giving Morana just enough time to join the crew in their cell before he shuts them again. He's caught by the guard, but before anything can come of it, a several people enter the cell block: the captain of the guard, accompanied by Pistos and Annie, the receptionist. 

Annie reveals herself to be The Lady, the Director of the Astral Bounty Claims Department, and informs the crew of several things. First, that Máximon had fought for the crew's innocence, but otherwise admitted he wasn't suited for the life and was allowed to retire. Second, that the party had a choice of either being sent to Stardeep or taking on the tarrasque job they had originally been selected for. Third, their jailing had soured the opinions of other potential hunters, so they would be taking on the job alone. Fourth, Morana is to accompany the crew for the job. 

The crew agrees and are released from the prison without bounties. Ari'ka pulls Pistos aside and angrily questions her about Krug's knowledge of The Traitor and why she wasn't informed, herself. Ladion and Amethyst both overhear this, though Ladion is far more intent in her eavesdropping. 

The crew restock and depart for their next job. During the journey, Ari'ka questions Krug about The Traitor, to no real avail. 13 has more nightmares, though Amethyst finds she is able to alleviate some of the nightmares using the new healing abilities that came with the prosthetic arm she had received from Hobby. He takes an interest in her new healing arm and asks that she take him to Hobby when they return to the ABCD. 

As the crew approaches the planet, they fly by the tarrasque in question, a massive beast capable of fitting the entirety of their ship in the palm of its hand. A panicked Meep is told to keep the ship on standby at a safe distance, and gives Amethyst an earring containing one half of a pair of Sending Stones. 

On the planet's surface, the crew is taken to meet the planet's leader, **Emperor Traxel**, who explains that himself and two other groups (a group of wizards led by **Archmage Mordenkainen**, and a lone bounty hunter named **Bebop Holliday**) each had a different approach to dealing with the tarrasque, and that each suggestion would be mutually exclusive to the other two: Traxel seeks to control the beast in order to possess a deterrent to the endless war that ravages his planet, Bebop looks to kill the beast for glory and wealth, while Mordenkainen hopes to seal the beast away nonlethally. The crew deliberate before coming to an agreement: They will help Mordenkainen seal the tarrasque, but additionally they would seek to recover as much tarrasque material as possible in order to arm Traxel's military, in exchange from both a favor from Mordenkainen and a monetary reward from Traxel. 

Bebop, on the other hand, is convinced by Amethyst and Ari'ka to hunt down Pistachio on the grounds that Pistachio is the one currently in possession of Beels's bounty trophy and Bebop had taken an interest in claiming that bounty for himself. 

Mordenkainen explains to the party that to seal the tarrasque, they must acquire a lost weapon. Specifically, a weapon that was lost inside the body of the tarrasque, which at that moment, was rapidly approaching the city and had to be dealt with. Mordenkainen offers his plan: the wizards create a distraction so that Mordenkainen can telekinetically insert the crew into the creature's mouth. With no alternatives and no time, the crew prepare themselves to enter the belly of the beast. 
